Add Azure Client Password as a credentials type (#155)
grafana/grafana-azure-sdk-go: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## v2.1.0

> - Add Azure Client Password as a credentials type, but there is not a supported azure token provider. You will need to implement the token in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add Azure Entra Password as a credentials type. This is not a recommended authentication method and is currently only supported for MSSQL. If you require this method the token provider will need to be implemented separately.
```
